# Introduction 

We will cover some basics about LLM and AI.

We will talk about some different types of LLM.

We will looks into specifics of AI and LLM, how these can be implemented into practical apps for solving specific use cases. 


# LLM

Fundamentally LLM is predicting next possible outcome. It is only as good as quality of data, if the trained data is garbage, then it simply emit garbage out; **garbage in garbage out**.


- To interact with model, you need to go step by step. This is done as **tokens**.
- Tokens are given to model in Numerical Format.
- Embedding are numerical representation of Tokens.
- Embedding retains context and relationship for a work in mathematical space.
- Embedding represent numerical data for tokens in a multi dimensional vector space.




All Model start with very generic, these need to be trained for specific need using relevant data set. 

Reinforcement behavior with LLM refers to the process of reinforcement learning technique to improve and fine tune model behavior. In this process, an agent learns to make decisions by receiving feedback in the form of reward and penalties. This feedback look help tune the model over time.

RL involves below steps;
- **Agent**: LLM itself, which generates text or makes decisions based on prompt.
- **Environment**: Context in which LLM Operates. This can include tasks like answering questions or generate stories or summarize text.
- **Action**: The output or responses generated by the LLM.
- **Rewards**: Feedback given to the model based on appropriateness of the output.


**Tokens**

Token is a unit of text that LLM model processes.


Tokens does not necessarily contain full word, these are divided into token of 5 or 6 characters, so the model can 



## LangChain

LangChain is framework allowing developers to build Agents capable of reasoning about business case and breaking them down into smaller subtask. It speeds up building Agents for LLM thus reducing complex coding need arise with building LLM Apps.

LangChain abstracts away all the string manipulation needed to interact with LLMs. Fundamentally LLMs are good at trained data, and respond in a text based approach but cannot work with structured data. 

To make an LLM into a specific business case, you need to augment the data so that it is generating meaningful information/responses back to end user.


Langchain provides below advantages.

- Chain-of-Thought Reasoning.
- Integration with external tooling.
- Prompt Management
- Error Handling 


LangGraph is a library for building stateful multi actor applications.


